README.md, before:

---
description: This page contains the content of the Handbook
---

# CHAOSS Community Handbook - Table of Contents

The CHAOSS Community Handbook is a central [repository](https://github.com/chaoss/gitbook-test) for how we run the project. As part of our value of being transparent, the handbook is open to the world and we welcome feedback. Please make [pull requests](https://github.com/chaoss/gitbook-test/pulls) to suggest improvements or add clarifications. Please use [issues](https://github.com/chaoss/gitbook-test/issues) to ask questions.

### ABOUT

{% page-ref page="about/chaoss-history.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/values.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/roadmap.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/roles-and-responsibilities.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/community-guidelines.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/path-to-leadership.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/terminology/" %}

{% page-ref page="about/terminology-usage.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/general-faq.md" %}

### COMMUNITY

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/working-groups.md" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/metrics/" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/untitled-4.md" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/untitled-1.md" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/chaosscast.md" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/chaoss-meetings.md" %}

### CONTRIBUTING

{% page-ref page="contributing/development/" %}

{% page-ref page="contributing/documentation/" %}

{% page-ref page="contributing/design/" %}

{% page-ref page="contributing/outreach.md" %}

### MENTORSHIPS

{% page-ref page="mentorships/google-summer-of-code.md" %}

{% page-ref page="mentorships/google-season-of-docs.md" %}

{% page-ref page="mentorships/mentorship-roles-and-responsibilities.md" %}

{% page-ref page="mentorships/outreachy.md" %}

Commit message:

Adds link to the Handbook itself
Signed-off-by: Elizabeth Barron <elizabeth@naramore.net>

README.md, after:

---
description: This page contains the content of the Handbook
---

# CHAOSS Community Handbook - Table of Contents

The CHAOSS Community Handbook is a central [repository](https://github.com/chaoss/gitbook-test) for how we run the project. As part of our value of being transparent, the handbook is open to the world and we welcome feedback. Please make [pull requests](https://github.com/chaoss/gitbook-test/pulls) to suggest improvements or add clarifications. Please use [issues](https://github.com/chaoss/gitbook-test/issues) to ask questions.

The published version of the Community Handbook can be found [here](https://app.gitbook.com/@chaoss-project/s/community-handbook/). 

### ABOUT

{% page-ref page="about/chaoss-history.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/values.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/roadmap.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/roles-and-responsibilities.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/community-guidelines.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/path-to-leadership.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/terminology/" %}

{% page-ref page="about/terminology-usage.md" %}

{% page-ref page="about/general-faq.md" %}

### COMMUNITY

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/working-groups.md" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/metrics/" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/untitled-4.md" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/untitled-1.md" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/chaosscast.md" %}

{% page-ref page="community-initiatives/chaoss-meetings.md" %}

### CONTRIBUTING

{% page-ref page="contributing/development/" %}

{% page-ref page="contributing/documentation/" %}

{% page-ref page="contributing/design/" %}

{% page-ref page="contributing/outreach.md" %}

### MENTORSHIPS

{% page-ref page="mentorships/google-summer-of-code.md" %}

{% page-ref page="mentorships/google-season-of-docs.md" %}

{% page-ref page="mentorships/mentorship-roles-and-responsibilities.md" %}

{% page-ref page="mentorships/outreachy.md" %}
